- [Instructor] The text analytics API
has a key phrase endpoint
that can extract important information
from a string of text.
Let's get a closer look at the API
and make some calls that work a little bit better with JSON.
To get started, you'll want to navigate
to the Azure key phrase test in the working files.
You'll notice this test is very similar
to our previous unit test with one key difference.
Instead of calling the named entity recognition endpoint,
we're now calling the key phrases endpoint
so that we can extract those important points
in a string of text.
Now, if we take a look at the actual test itself
it's functional, but it can definitely be improved.
You'll notice
that we are passing the example, JSON constant
and that's just a hard-coded JSON string within our class.
Now it's much better to work with objects in Java
and if we take a look at the documentation
for the text analytics API,
we can see for the key phrases endpoint,
we're expected to send a JSON object
that contains an array of documents
and within that array
we have objects that contain a language, an id,
and a text property.
The text is where the key phrases will be extracted from.
So whatever we send in that property
is where the AI algorithm will be applied.
So, let's talk about what that means for us in Java.
If we navigate to the text analytics request class,
you'll see that this class
has essentially modeled that JSON request body
that is expected by the Azure cognitive services API.
So it has a list of text documents named Documents
and then if we look at the TextDocument object,
you'll see it has three fields language, id and text,
and these are POJO so we have getters and setters
for each of them.
So this is not uncommon.
When working with APIs,
you will very frequently be going back and forth
between JSON and a Java object.
And it happens so frequently.
There's a number of libraries out there that help us.
So, I've included the Jackson dependency within our palm
and Jackson is a library that can help with serialization
and de serialization of JSON within Java.
And we're going to learn what that means in a minute.
If we want to use Jackson,
we need to work with an object mapper.
And typically in a spring application
that is declared as a bean within your application.
So you'll notice within our main application class
I've created a bean of type object mapper
and named it mapper.
And the mapper is what we use to serialize.
So it can take an object
and it can convert it into a JSON string.
It can also de serialize, so it can take adjacent string
and convert it into a Java object.
So it helps us with that back and forth
between Java and JSON.
Let's see it in action.
If we head back over to our key phrases test,
I'm just going to go ahead and use spring
and it's auto wired annotation
to inject the object mapper into this test.
So I created a field of type object mapper, named mapper
and then added the auto wired annotation
and that will cause our object mapper
to be injected into this test for our use.
And then we just need to go ahead and build our objects.
You'll remember we had the TextDocument,
so let's create a new TextDocument
and here we need to provide some values in the constructor
the first argument is an id,
the second is the texts that we would like to analyze,
just use the text for analysis variable there
and then we have to pass a language.
So I'm going to send in "en" for English.
If you take a look at the text for analysis variable,
you'll see that this text just contains a blurb
about the rain forest that we're going to send for analysis
over to Azure cognitive services.
Now let's build out the text analytics request.
I'm going to name that request Body
and that's also created
with the new operator and the constructor.
And then it's as simple as grabbing the documents
on that request and inserting our newly created document
into that list.
One final thing,
we need to take our hard-coded JSON string and replace it.
So instead of just passing that string
right into the body publisher,
we're now going to use the mapper
and it has a method on it.
Value as string.
And essentially we pass in an object
and this method will convert it to that JSON string.
So it's performing the serialization
in order to turn a Java object into a JSON string
and then that will be sent in
as the request body on our Http request.
So let's go ahead, we'll pass in the request body object
that we want to serialize.
And at this point, everything is set up.
So let's go ahead, we can kick off the test
and we'll just take a look at our console output.
You can see that the AI algorithm
extracted some key phrases.
It's talking about the rain forest,
a little bit of climate change there, the Amazon.
So it was able to pick up the key points in that blurb.
So we got a little bit broader look
at Azure cognitive services,
saw the new key phrase end point,
and then also saw some techniques in Java
for working with JSON and using the Jackson library
to make that much easier.
And you're going to see that conversion
back and forth from Java to JSON,
occur with the other clients that we use as well.
So that's an important thing to keep in mind
when working with APIs in Java.